This is interesting,
Mund. That screenshot is wild. 23 GB on
the terminal alone. That's probably
dozens of Python processes and agents
running simultaneously. No wonder your
Mac locks up. Here's my brainstorm for a
Guardian agent, a lightweight autonomous
resource monitor. The concept Guardian
Agent py a self-hosted Damon that runs
in the background and does three things.
Monitor always running lightweight pull
CPU RAM swap usage every 30 PSTL okay
tracks per process memory especially
terminal Python child processes detects
when you're approaching danger zones
alert graduated warnings alert alert
alert Slack Discord okay red zone 85%
louder alerts alert alert tells you
exactly what it do okay smart kill you
define priority list like OBS, Zoom,
Chrome, protected
trading agents, back test old terminal
sessions. It kills the fattest killable
process weights checks. Okay. Logs
everything
auto detect idle agents.
So, my one concern here is, you're
right, I'm running a ton of different
Python scripts. Okay, so let's say I
have 20 Python scripts running
and then we hit this like timer about to
go down. Okay, it could be like a sound
alert. That's fine. Okay.
But the question I have is
will I be able to see the Python file
name that is running and prior
prioritize based off of that because
ideally when we get to that smoke
session when it's about to go woohoo.
I want to be able to kill off the lowest
priority things first to keep my RAM
open or whatever. You know what I'm
saying? Okay. Let me know.
Let me know.
Okay. And